Simple Contact Tracing Application

Make a simple contact tracing application for the Department of Computer Engineering. Everyone 
(students, faculty, guests, and other visitors) must use the app before coming in and going out the office. 
The following information must be inputted by the user:
    ID Number (If he or she is from USC (student, faculty, or staff))
    Complete Name (First Name, Middle Name and Last Name)
    Complete Address (Barangay, City or Town, and Province are required)
    Contact Number 
    Email

Upon entering the office, the first time users will register from the app using the information above. 
Once saved, automatically, the app will also note the day and time he or she entered the office. 
Also, upon exiting, he or she is also required to "sign out", indication that the user has left the office.
The next time the user will come in to the office, all he or she needs to input is only their ID number, 
retrieving the previous information he inputted. Once verified by the user that his information is correct, 
he will then "sign in".


Administrator:

The admin of the app can be the secretary, the chair, or someone in charge with the contact tracing application. 
One account will suffice. The credentials (user name and password) may be hardcoded already in the app OR you can 
also make a registration portal specifically for the administrator.
The administration can search users, according to their names, barangay, city, or province, 
and can also retrieve users according to the time and day they enter the office.
Search functions include the following:
    City
    Barangay
    Province
    ID Number
    Names (Last Name or First Name)
    Time and Day entered.

The system should be done in PHP and MySQL as its database. 
Design your app according to its usage and make it as user friendly as possible. 
When done submit your project here as zip, which includes your php files, mysql (exported .sql file), 
and other files necessary (photos, if any, etc))